Calm down.
good
I'm going to study for you today.
There are some phrases, some riffs, right?
increase to be able to help you to
increase vocabulary on harmonica and beauty
blind several messages aquino was on
youtube reads the mail and ask how our
I play to play this way, it's a
very weak time to do otherwise
do lots of things then business is you
study vocabularies né phrases riffs
all this and putting together decorating and then
Put on the music, beauty, I hope.
What with these hits that I'm going to
I with these phrases can help there
you a little more
alright let's go
that's it folks
Ball show if you want to try to take
better still try to take those phrases
such but then I put here
There are opening these sentences for you guys.
but it's cool this challenge of trying to take
because if you try to take it you may have
sure you will not forget
these phrases were sometimes you see
the tablature you can not record
but the exercise is you trying to take
Can you be sure that you're going to come in?
for you there
Good, I hope you liked it.
Big hug and see you